Changelogs for Digital Twin Manager Plugins 1.0.1 (#2379)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/dtm-1.0.1-resolved-multiple-tabs-issue-using-the-asset-types-realtime-service.md

---
date: ""

> title: "Real-time updates to changes made to Asset models"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Improved real-time behavior for changes to asset models"
```

product_area: "Application enablement & solutions"
change_type:
    - value: "change-2c7RdTdXo4"
      label: "Improvement"
component:
    - value: "component-Tl88RYb4A"
      label: "Digital Twin Manager"
build_artifact:
    - value: "tc-wYIY0MBDO"
      label: "dtm"
ticket: "CTM-1546"
version: "1.0.1"
---

> Improved real-time updates to ensure changes made by concurrent users to Asset models are immediately reflected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Real-time updates have been improved to ensure that changes made by concurrent users to asset models are immediately reflected.
```

> ---
> date: ""
> title: "Resolved multiple tabs issue using the AssetTypesRealtimeService"
> product_area: "Application enablement & solutions"
> change_type:
>     - value: "change-VSkj2iV9m"
>       label: "Fix"
> component:
>     - value: "component-Tl88RYb4A"
>       label: "Digital Twin Manager"
> build_artifact:
>     - value: "tc-wYIY0MBDO"
>       label: "dtm"
> ticket: "CTM-1546"
> version: "1.0.1"
> ---
> Replaced the deprecated **AssetTypesService** with
> **AssetTypesRealtimeService** to enable real-time asset model updates
> across multiple tabs and sessions.

Author: ```suggestion
---
date: ""
title: "Real-time updates to changes made to Asset models"
product_area: "Application enablement & solutions"
change_type:
    - value: "change-2c7RdTdXo4"
      label: "Improvement"
component:
    - value: "component-Tl88RYb4A"
      label: "Digital Twin Manager"
build_artifact:
    - value: "tc-wYIY0MBDO"
      label: "dtm"
ticket: "CTM-1546"
version: "1.0.1"
---
Improved real-time updates to ensure changes made by concurrent users to Asset models are immediately reflected.
```
